one more thing you know the price of
gold hit an all-time high on Friday it's
over sixteen hundred dollars an ounce
Flavor Flav's mouth is now worth 2.4
million dollars because the economy has
in been in such turmoil lately some
people see gold as a safe investment and
if you're looking to invest in gold I
hate to push what I know just the guy to
help you out confused by the markets
worried about your dwindling savings
hello I'm Fred Willard in times like
these it pays to count on something you
can touch gold see this it's a tiny
dollar bill that's how your money is
yeah yeah see this that's gold gold is
bigger and heavier that's why I've
invested literally tens of thousands of
my monies with gold King with gold King
all you need is a mailbox and all your
money Oh after only two weeks in the
gold game already my house is filled
with coins nugget a gold plunger gold
possum pirate coin AKA da blue and even
gold teeth why isn't
go
dark energy to destiny it's almost
someone who isn't fair or before
investing in gold gold King by gold I
want you to please
the staff has been on drugs lately